README.md, before:

# WEB102 Prework - *Crowdfunding Website*

Submitted by: **Yuwen Zhang**

**Crowdfunding Website** is a website for the company Sea Monster Crowdfunding that displays information about the games they have funded.

Time spent: **7** hours spent in total

## Required Features

The following **required** functionality is completed:

* [x] The introduction section explains the background of the company and how many games remain unfunded.
* [x] The Stats section includes information about the total contributions and dollars raised as well as the top two most funded games.
* [x] The Our Games section initially displays all games funded by Sea Monster Crowdfunding
* [x] The Our Games section has three buttons that allow the user to display only unfunded games, only funded games, or all games.

The following **optional** features are implemented:

* [x] The navigation bar has an Our Games button that brings the user to the Our Games section quickly.

## Video Walkthrough

Here's a walkthrough of implemented features:

<img src='https://imgur.com/a/sea-monster-crowdfunding-gif-walkthrough-drXjjME' title='Video Walkthrough' width='' alt='Video Walkthrough' />

GIF created with LICEcap 

## Notes

The process of building this app was relatively smooth for me since the prework instructions provided excellent resources that answered most of the questions I had in the development process. Personally, I struggled the most
when trying to understand the .reduce() method when reading the documentation provided, but I was able to find YouTube videos that explained it in a different way that made sense to me.

## License

    Copyright 2025 Apache

    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
    you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
    You may obtain a copy of the License at

        http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
    distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
    See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
    limitations under the License.

Commit message:

update README.md - attempt #2 to make the GIF display properly

README.md, after:

# WEB102 Prework - *Crowdfunding Website*

Submitted by: **Yuwen Zhang**

**Crowdfunding Website** is a website for the company Sea Monster Crowdfunding that displays information about the games they have funded.

Time spent: **7** hours spent in total

## Required Features

The following **required** functionality is completed:

* [x] The introduction section explains the background of the company and how many games remain unfunded.
* [x] The Stats section includes information about the total contributions and dollars raised as well as the top two most funded games.
* [x] The Our Games section initially displays all games funded by Sea Monster Crowdfunding
* [x] The Our Games section has three buttons that allow the user to display only unfunded games, only funded games, or all games.

The following **optional** features are implemented:

* [x] The navigation bar has an Our Games button that brings the user to the Our Games section quickly.

## Video Walkthrough

Here's a walkthrough of implemented features:

<img src='https://s7.gifyu.com/images/SXTUx.gif' title='Video Walkthrough' width='' alt='Video Walkthrough' />

GIF created with LICEcap 

## Notes

Ensuring that the GIF walkthrough of the website was displaying properly on Github turned out to be one of the biggest challenges for me. The process of building the app itself, however, was relatively smooth for me since the prework instructions provided excellent resources that answered most of the questions I had in the development process. If there was one part that stood out, it was trying to understand the .reduce() method when reading the documentation provided, but I was able to find YouTube videos that explained it in a different way that made sense to me.

## License

    Copyright 2025 Apache

    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
    you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
    You may obtain a copy of the License at

        http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
    distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
    See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
    limitations under the License.
